Added additional resources on introduction to flexbox curriculum in foundation course (#24391)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/html_css/flexbox/flexbox-intro.md

This section contains helpful links to related content. It isn’t required, so consider it supplemental.

> * [interneting is hard](https://www.internetingishard.com/html-and-css/flexbox/) is a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [This Flexbox tutorial](https://www.internetingishard.com/html-and-css/flexbox/) is a
```
